Document the serviceName configuration attribute (#4446)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/advanced-topics/traffic-splitting.asciidoc

    elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/cluster-name: "hulk"
    elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/node-master: "false"
----

[float]
[id="{p}-traffic-splitting-with-service-name"]
== Specify a custom service in elasticsearchRef

> You can then use your custom service in the `elasticsearchRef` element when specifying connections between Elasticsearch and other stack applications. To target only coordinating node from Kibana for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then use your custom service in the `elasticsearchRef` element when specifying connections between Elasticsearch and other stack applications. This is an example on how to target only coordinating node from Kibana:
```
